Add hashes key to the Direct URL data structure (#1198)
pypa/packaging.python.org: source/specifications/direct-url.rst

* ``pip install app``
* ``pip install app --no-index --find-links https://example.com/``

History
=======

> ``direct_url.json`` was originally specified in :pep:`610` and is formally documented
> here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- March 2020: This data structure was originally specified in :pep:`610`.
```

Author: In this file, it is not the data structure that was specified in pep 610, but the `direct_url.json` metadata file, which is a specific use of the data structure to record that the distribution was installed from a direct URL. So this?

```suggestion
March 2020: the ``direct_url.json`` metadata file was originally specified in :pep:`610` and is formally documented
here.
```
